[docs] Always use auto-generated apiRef documentation (#3266)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/editing/editing.md

## apiRef [<span class="pro"></span>](https://mui.com/store/items/material-ui-pro/)

> > ⚠️ Only use this API when you have no alternative. Always start from the declarative API that the grid exposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Only use this API as the last option. Give preference to the props to control the grid.
```

x other warnings.

Author: Done :+1:
